docs: redirect duplicate doc (#1488)
ory/docs: docs/oauth2-oidc/custom-login-consent/flow.mdx

request.

## Flow steps

1. The OAuth 2.0 Client initiates an Authorize Code, Hybrid, or Implicit flow. The user's user agent is redirect to
   `http://<your-ory-network-project>/oauth2/auth?client_id=...&...`.
2. Ory OAuth2, if unable to authenticate the user (= no session cookie exists), redirects the user's user agent to the Login
   Provider URL. The application "sitting" at that URL is implemented by you and typically shows a login user interface ("Please
   enter your username and password"). The URL the user is redirect to looks like
   `http://login-service/login?login_challenge=1234...`.
3. The Login Provider, once the user has logged in, tells Ory OAuth2 some information about who the user is (for example the
   user's ID) and also that the login attempt was successful. This is done using a REST request which includes another redirect
   URL like `http://<your-ory-network-project>/oauth2/auth?client_id=...&...&login_verifier=4321`.
4. The user's user agent follows the redirect and lands back at Ory OAuth2. Next, Ory OAuth2 redirects the user's user agent to

>    the Consent Provider, hosted at - for example - `http://consent-service/consent?consent_challenge=4567...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the Consent Provider, hosted at - for example - `https://example.org/oauth2-screens/consent?consent_challenge=4567...`
```

5. The Consent Provider shows a user interface which asks the user if they would like to grant the OAuth 2.0 Client the requested
   permissions ("OAuth 2.0 Scope"). You've probably seen this screen around, which is something like: _"Would you like to grant
   Facebook Image Backup access to all your private and public images?"_.
6. The Consent Provider makes another REST request to Ory OAuth2 to let it know which permissions the user authorized, and if the
   user authorized the request at all. The user can choose to not grant an application any access to his/her personal data. In the
   response of that REST request, a redirect URL is included like

>    `http://<your-ory-network-project>/oauth2/auth?client_id=...&...&consent_verifier=7654...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `http://https://{project-slug}.projects.oryapis.com/oauth2/auth?client_id=...&...&consent_verifier=7654...`.
```
